hi guys generate Bible common and he'll
the ZTE grand X enhance it with Intel
CPU inside but I'm not here for the
phone I'm here to review the game the
croute is the work of Rovio the famous
Angry Birds maker and DreamWorks the
studio that created the Kreutz motion
picture that's available right now in
the cinemas this is a free game a
freemium game it takes up 27 megabytes
of space and as you can see it's very
much like Farmville so I have a bunch of
animals to tend to and in case you're
not familiar with the crews is the story
of a prehistoric family that has a bunch
of members like grog here's a typical
caveman this is Agha and finally we got
the typical crazy grandma who gives them
chores so the story goes like this you
have to set traps capture animals tame
them and they will produce resources for
you then you use the resources to
upgrade your buildings create graphs in
inventions and progress sadly the game
takes place over a number of huge hours
so you'll spend maybe I don't know four
or five hours only waiting for stuff to
happen
I have reached level seven as you can
see and these are the family members
that have unlocked there are a lot of
family members to unlock further like
EEP sandy thunk and guy if you saw the
movie you know what I'm talking about as
usual for a game related to a movie it's
not very complex so I have to wait on
this very tree to make the berries I
have this cave where I correct my so to
say resources like very scattered stones
hoop that have leaves mud feathers fish
bones and sticks there is to create this
stuff so we have traps these are the
traps that you can set to catch animals
anything from rabbits to birds and
various elephant thingies then you can
create homes for these animals a huge
amount of buildings and then you can
feed decorations like the statue of a
bear
that you have all a bit and all that and
you can place them on this map that you
can see right here I can also zoom in so
this is the berry tree that I'm waiting
for this is the lair of the rabbit to
produce this stones for me and this is
the lair of a bear owl and I just fed
him some berries and he produces coins
for me as you can see the currency is at
the top we got coins
we got gems and we got the other
resources as I said carrots and stuff
like that so this is my main base this
one right here and here were into the
wild where you can actually capture
creatures so I can set it up trap here
and these little critters would come eat
the bait and would be captured by me
then I will take them right here in this
pan like this little ball where I have
to fit them stuff in order to tame them
once I tame them I have to build a lair
for them like this ones and they will
start making resources for me
so basically trap them supposedly this
is a hunt and gather game not exactly
it's a trap tame and gather resources
title it has a lot of in-app purchases
because you're easily run out of
resources and they're quite expensive if
as me it's a boring game as you can see
I am waiting for stuff to happen I'm
feeding the moral bear to produce
carrots for me and I feeding the bunny
to produce stones for me and if I want
to build stuff I depend on these
resources so it can try to increase
storage but there has to be a lot more
money I can go to Google to create some
soups
the soups will allow you to upgrade the
creatures and make them work faster so
for example this is the eve of the molar
bear I can boost him with some soup and
make him produce more carrots and I can
also upgrade the layer if I want to I
can involve his home in order to produce
more carrots so the basic idea
just like in far will produce a lot of
vegetables a lot of carrots a lot of
berries which frankly is a bit boring
and it's a bit annoying that you have to
wait for so long for stuff to happen in
the game so let's say I want to create a
trap for a molar bear
press build and then I have to move it
around the map I place it here I wait
for a model birth to thumb
this is Grogg and then I can operate my
trap to increase the chances as you can
see we have clover fields indicating the
lock percentage that I have in capturing
the creature increased my luck increased
it again and now the molar burn has come
and he's trapped the music is kind of
cute and now the molar bear will have to
be taken to my pants however I already
have an animal in the pan who is eating
some resources so that's about it the
idea is to tap the screen based on
collect stuff to make your creatures
produce stuff capture other features
evolve and explore you can also visit
your neighbors frankly speaking I was
expecting much more from Rovio
I love Angry Birds I didn't quite like
amazing Alex and this one is probably
the first failure if you ask me so this
is my neighbor this is how a fully
evolved bass looks like as you can see
has a lot of creatures a lot of pens
even a flag statues and all that by the
way you have to be online all the time
to play the game yet another bummer if
that's me so the crews from Rovio gets
from us a six point five out of ten and
I know I'm being very harsh because I
wanted Rovio in DreamWorks to really
amaze me and I was amazed in a bad way
so six point five out of ten from
Android Park on the phone is a GTE with
Intel CPU and the game could have been
much much better suddenly it's a farvel
phone with not sold no sold whatsoever
that is on Android pipe bye bye